.TH SKRIVE 1 local
.SH NAME
skrive \- Log doses via the terminal
.SH SYNOPSIS
.ll +8
.B skrive
.RB [ " \-f doses-file " ]
.ll +8
.br
.B skrive
.RB log
.RB [ " \-f doses-file " ]
[
.I "quantity "
.I "substance "
.I "route "
[ 
.I "TIME-SPEC"
]
]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
.I Skrive
is a dosage logger for the terminal. Skrive logs doses by quantity,
substance, and route at a certain point in time. The doses are logged
to a file and can be viewed later. Skrive has both TUI and partial CLI
support.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-f \-\-file
Set the file path where doses will be read and written to. This flag takes absolute priority.
.TP
.B \-h \-\-help
Display brief usage information.

.SH LOG TIME SPECIFICATION
.PP
Both the log TUI and the log subcommand accept a time offset for backdating doses.
.PP
Skrive accepts both a dhm format and plain integers. For example, for 90 minutes, one can use the following options:
.br
\[bu]
.I 1h30m
.br
\[bu]
.I 1h30
.br
\[bu]
.I 90

.SH "ENVIRONMENT"
.TP
.B SKRIVE_DOSES_PATH
If set, this file path will be used instead of the default file path
for reading and writing doses. If the file does not exist, it will be
created.

.SH "FILES"
.TP
.B ~/doses.dat
.PP
The default location that
.I skrive
will use for logging doses if no other path has been specified. If the
file does not exist, it will be created.

.SH "EXAMPLES"
.TP
.B skrive
Open the TUI to log and view doses.
.TP
.B skrive \-f subdir/doses.dat
Open the TUI and log to
.I subdir/doses.dat
.TP
.B skrive log 2mg Estradiol Sublingual 30
Immediately log 2mg estradiol sublingually, taken 30 minutes ago.
.TP
.B skrive log 2mg Estradiol Sublingual 1h30m
Immediately log 2mg estradiol sublingually, taken 90 minutes ago.
.TP
.B skrive log
Shortcut to enter a single dose via the TUI before exiting.
